docs: update TrueNAS docs (#19990)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/truenas.md

## First Steps

Before installing the Immich app in TrueNAS, review the [Environment Variables](#environment-variables) documentation to see if you want to configure any during installation.
You may also configure environment variables at any time after deploying the application.

### Setting up Storage Datasets

<Tabs groupId="truenas-storage-tabs">
  <TabItem value="truenas-new-storage" label="New Storage Configuration" default>

    Before beginning app installation, [create the datasets](https://www.truenas.com/docs/scale/scaletutorials/storage/datasets/datasetsscale/) to use in the **Storage Configuration** section during installation.

    In TrueNAS, Immich requires 2 datasets for the application to function correctly: `data` and `pgData`. You can set the datasets to any names to match your naming conventions or preferences.
    You can organise these as one parent with two child datasets, for example `/mnt/tank/immich/data` and `/mnt/tank/immich/pgData`.

    <img
    src={require('./img/truenas/truenas12.webp').default}
    width="30%"
    alt="Immich App Widget"
    className="border rounded-xl"

>     />

Reviewer: > I think this image doesn't quite match what's described above, which might be confusing?

That image I took. I can make a new one if needed, if the author of this PR doesn't.

>     />

Author: Image updated (same name removed the old one)

    If the **data** dataset uses ACL it must have [ACL mode](https://www.truenas.com/docs/scale/scaletutorials/datasets/permissionsscale/) set to `Passthrough` if you plan on using a [storage template](/docs/administration/storage-template.mdx) and the dataset is configured for network sharing (its ACL type is set to `SMB/NFSv4`). When the template is applied and files need to be moved from **upload** to **library** (internal folder created by Immich within the **data** dataset), Immich performs `chmod` internally and must be allowed to execute the command. [More info.](https://github.com/immich-app/immich/pull/13017)

    To change or verify the ACL mode, go to the **Datasets** screen, select the **library** dataset, click on the **Edit** button next to **Dataset Details**, then click on the ** Advanced Options** tab, scroll down to the **ACL Mode** section, and select `Passthrough` from the dropdown menu. Click **Save** to apply the changes. If the option is greyed out, set the **ACL Type** to `SMB/NFSv4` first, then you can change the **ACL Mode** to `Passthrough`.
    :::

  </TabItem>

>   <TabItem value="truenas-old-storage" label="Old Storage Configuration (Will be deprecated)">

Reviewer: There's no point considering we have archived versions of the docs.

>   <TabItem value="truenas-old-storage" label="Old Storage Configuration (Will be deprecated)">

Author: No, I thought it would, but it is not possible to install Immich with the old storage configuration (+ you have archive)

<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas01.webp').default}
width="50%"
alt="Immich App Widget"
className="border rounded-xl"
/>

</div>

<div style={{ marginBottom: '2rem', border: '1px solid #ccc', padding: '1rem', borderRadius: '8px' }}>

Click **Install** to open the Immich application configuration screen.
<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas02.webp').default}
width="100%"
alt="Immich App Details Screen"
className="border rounded-xl"
/>

</div>

Application configuration settings are presented in several sections, each explained below.
To find specific fields, click in the **Search Input Fields** search field, scroll down to a particular section or click on the section heading on the navigation area in the upper-right corner.

### Application Name and Version

<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas03.webp').default}
width="100%"
alt="Install Immich Screen"
className="border rounded-xl mb-4"
/>

**_Application Name_**  
Keep the default value or enter a name in the **Application Name** field.  
Change it if you’re deploying a second instance.

**_Version_**  
Keep the default version number in **Version**.  

> When a new version becomes available, an update badge appears, and the **Installed Applications** screen shows a button to update it.

Author: ```suggestion
**_Version_** Immich version within TrueNAS catalog (Different from Immich release version).
```
I replaced with that so there is still an explanation and users aren't confused

### Immich Configuration

<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas05.webp').default}
width="40%"
alt="Configuration Settings"
className="border rounded-xl mb-4"
/>

The **Timezone** is set to the system default, which usually matches your local timezone. You can change it to another timezone if you prefer.

> **Timezone** is only used by the Immich `exiftool` microservice if it cannot be determined from the image metadata.

Reviewer: > Not sure where this originally came from but it's not quite right.

That's been in there for over a year and is completely outdated. Just hadn't bothered to remove it previously.

> **Timezone** is only used by the Immich `exiftool` microservice if it cannot be determined from the image metadata.

Author: Removed! I kept it because it was there before and did not dig deeper

    :::

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="truenas-old-storage" label="Old Storage Configuration (Will be deprecated)">
    Immich requires seven storage datasets.

    <img
    src={require('./img/truenas/truenas07.webp').default}
    width="20%"
    alt="Configure Storage ixVolumes"
    className="border rounded-xl"
    />

    For each Storage option select **Host Path (Path that already exists on the system)** and then select the matching dataset [created before installing the app](#setting-up-storage-datasets): **Immich Library Storage**: `library`, **Immich Uploads Storage**: `upload`, **Immich Thumbs Storage**: `thumbs`, **Immich Profile Storage**: `profile`, **Immich Video Storage**: `video`, **Immich Backups Storage**: `backups`, **Postgres Data Storage**: `pgData`.

    <img
    src={require('./img/truenas/truenas08.webp').default}
    width="40%"
    alt="Configure Storage Host Paths"
    className="border rounded-xl"
    />
    The image above has example values.

        <br/>

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Additional Storage (Advanced Users)

<details>
<summary>External Libraries</summary>

#### [External Libraries](/docs/features/libraries)

:::danger Advanced Users Only

> This feature should only be used by advanced users. If this is your first time installing Immich, then DO NOT mount an external library until you have a working setup.

Reviewer: > This is perhaps a little strong. Maybe instead something like "If this is your first time installing Immich, we recommend not mounting an external library until you have a working setup."?

I did this because I kept having people mount their regular upload mount as an external library.

> This feature should only be used by advanced users. If this is your first time installing Immich, then DO NOT mount an external library until you have a working setup.

Author: I don't know how to word it, though. I agree that it is not as advanced as setting some environment variables or "overwriting" the internal folder

3. Enter the **Mount Path** with `/usr/src/app/upload/<folder-name>`. The `<folder-name>` is the name of the folder you want to mount, for example, `library`, `upload`, `thumbs`, `profile`, `encoded-video`, or `backups`.
   :::danger
   You have to write the full path, including `/usr/src/app/upload/`, as Immich expects the data to be in that location.
   If you do not include this path, Immich will not be able to find the data and will not write the data to the location you specified.
   :::
4. Select the **Host Path** as the dataset you created for that folder, for example, `/mnt/tank/immich/library`, `/mnt/tank/immich/upload`, etc.

Below is an example of how to set up the additional storage for the `thumbs` dataset:
<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas14.webp').default}
width="40%"
alt="Use Multiple Datasets for Immich Storage with Additional Storage"
className="border rounded-xl"
/>

</details>

<!-- A section for Labels could be added, but I don't think it is needed as they are of no use for Immich. -->

### Resources Configuration

<img
src={require('./img/truenas/truenas09.webp').default}
width="40%"
alt="Resource Limits"
className="border rounded-xl"
/>

> - **CPU**: Depending on your system resources, you can keep the default value of `2` threads or specify a different number. Increasing this value can improve performance, Immich recommends `4` cores. System with Multi-/Hyper-threading have 2 threads per core (TrueNAS Dashboard shows the number of threads, so you can use that to determine how many threads you have available).

Reviewer: > I don't think we need to explain stuff like how to figure out your core count.

This would probably be even simpler.
```suggestion
- **CPU**: Depending on your system resources, you can keep the default value of `2` threads or specify a different number. Immich recommends at least `8` threads. 
```

> - **CPU**: Depending on your system resources, you can keep the default value of `2` threads or specify a different number. Increasing this value can improve performance, Immich recommends `4` cores. System with Multi-/Hyper-threading have 2 threads per core (TrueNAS Dashboard shows the number of threads, so you can use that to determine how many threads you have available).

Author: I used Nicholas version, I suppose that is ok

  - You may view the Changelog.
- Click **Upgrade** to begin the process and open a counter dialog that shows the upgrade progress.
  - When complete, the update badge and buttons disappear and the application Update state on the Installed screen changes from Update Available to Up to date.

## Migration

<details>

> <summary>Migrating from Old Storage Configuration</summary>

Author: My reasoning was to have one fold for "old to new" and another for "other install to TrueNAS" without taking the whole page, as it is supposed to be a one time process, I don't know what makes more sense

> <summary>Migrating from Old Storage Configuration</summary>

Reviewer: > My reasoning was to have one fold for "old to new" and another for "other install to TrueNAS" without taking the whole page, as it is supposed to be a one time process, I don't know what makes more sense

It's already at the bottom of the page, though.

> <summary>Migrating from Old Storage Configuration</summary>

Author: Yes, you're right, I've removed the tab!
